i = 0
original: The Normans were the people gave their name to Normandy .
modifiy: The Normans were the people .

i = 1
original: They were descended Norman comes agreed to swear fealty Charles III .
modifiy: They were descended Norman comes .

i = 2
original: their descendants would merge with the cultures of West Francia .
modifiy: their descendants would gradually merge with the Carolingian-based cultures of West Francia .

i = 3
original: The cultural and identity of the Normans emerged .
modifiy: The cultural and ethnic identity of the Normans emerged initially in the first half of the 10th century .

i = 4
original: The Norman dynasty had a impact on Europe .
modifiy: The Norman dynasty had a impact on medieval Europe and even the Near East .

i = 5
original: The Normans were famed for their martial spirit .
modifiy: The Normans were famed for their martial spirit .

i = 6
original: They adopted the Gallo-Romance language of the Frankish land they .
modifiy: They adopted the Gallo-Romance language of the Frankish land they settled .

i = 7
original: The Duchy of Normandy was a great fief of medieval France .
modifiy: The Duchy of Normandy was a great fief of medieval France .

i = 8
original: The Normans are noted for their culture .
modifiy: The Normans are noted both for their culture .

i = 9
original: Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily .
modifiy: Norman adventurers founded the Kingdom of Sicily .

i = 10
original: Norman cultural influence spread from these to the Crusader states .
modifiy: Norman cultural influence spread from these new European centres to the Crusader states .

i = 11
original: The name Normans comes from the French words Normans/Normanz .
modifiy: The name Normans comes from the French words Normans/Normanz .

i = 12
original: the incursions of Norse war bands into rivers France evolved into more permanent encampments .
modifiy: the incursions of Norse war bands into the rivers of France evolved into more permanent encampments .

i = 13
original: The Duchy of Normandy was established .
modifiy: The Duchy of Normandy was established .

i = 14
original: The treaty offered Rollo the French lands .
modifiy: The treaty offered Rollo the French lands .

i = 15
original: The area corresponded to the part of Upper Normandy the Seine the Duchy would extend west beyond the Seine .
modifiy: The area corresponded to the northern part of present-day Upper Normandy the Duchy would eventually extend west beyond the Seine .

i = 16
original: The territory was equivalent to the old province of Rouen .
modifiy: The territory was equivalent to the old province of Rouen .

i = 17
original: its populations did not differ from Picardy or the .
modifiy: its populations did not differ from Picardy or the .

i = 18
original: Viking settlers had begun arriving in the 880s .
modifiy: Viking settlers had begun arriving in the 880s .

i = 19
original: Rollo 's contingents included .
modifiy: Rollo 's contingents included .

i = 20
original: The descendants of Rollo 's Vikings would replace the Norse religion and language with Catholicism .
modifiy: The descendants of Rollo 's Vikings would replace the Norse religion and language with Catholicism ( Christianity ) .

i = 21
original: The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the branch of .
modifiy: The Norman language was forged by the adoption of the indigenous langue d'oïl branch of Romance .

i = 22
original: The Normans adopted the feudal doctrines rest of France .
modifiy: The Normans adopted the feudal doctrines rest of France .

i = 23
original: The new Norman rulers were distinct from the aristocracy .
modifiy: The new Norman rulers were distinct from the old French aristocracy .

i = 24
original: Most Norman knights remained poor .
modifiy: Most Norman knights remained poor .

i = 25
original: Normans served as avid Crusaders .
modifiy: Normans England eventually served as avid Crusaders .

i = 26
original: they entered the Byzantine Empire .
modifiy: they entered the Byzantine Empire .

i = 27
original: Norman mercenaries were encouraged to but they fought in Byzantine service in Sicily .
modifiy: Norman mercenaries were but they soon fought in Byzantine service in Sicily .

i = 28
original: They were prominent alongside contingents in the Sicilian campaign of George .
modifiy: They were prominent alongside Varangian and Lombard contingents in the Sicilian campaign of George Maniaces .

i = 29
original: the Normans in Greek service were from Italy .
modifiy: whether the Normans in Greek service actually were from Norman Italy .

i = 30
original: how many of the Franks were Normans .
modifiy: how many of the `` Franks '' , were Normans .

i = 31
original: One of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general was Hervé .
modifiy: One of the first Norman mercenaries to serve as a Byzantine general was Hervé .

i = 32
original: there were Norman mercenaries serving away .
modifiy: there were Norman mercenaries serving away .

i = 33
original: They were based at Malatya and Edessa .
modifiy: They were based at Malatya and Edessa .

i = 34
original: Robert Crispin led the Normans of Edessa Turks .
modifiy: Robert Crispin led the Normans of Edessa .

i = 35
original: Roussel de Bailleul tried to carve out an independent state .
modifiy: Roussel de Bailleul even tried to carve out an independent state .

i = 36
original: Some Normans joined Turkish forces .
modifiy: Some Normans joined Turkish forces to aid in the destruction .

i = 37
original: many took up service with the Armenian state .
modifiy: many took up service with the Armenian state .

i = 38
original: A Norman Oursel led a force of Franks into the Euphrates valley .
modifiy: A Norman Oursel led a force of Franks into the upper Euphrates valley .

i = 39
original: were Normans of Oursel .
modifiy: were Normans formerly of Oursel .

i = 40
original: They lent their ethnicity to the name of .
modifiy: They even lent their ethnicity to the name of their castle .

i = 41
original: The trade between Amalfi and Antioch may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans .
modifiy: The trade between Amalfi and Antioch and may be related to the presence of Italo-Normans .

i = 42
original: Byzantine emperors were seeking out western European warriors .
modifiy: emperors were seeking out western European warriors .

i = 43
original: The Raoulii were descended from .
modifiy: The Raoulii were descended from an Italo-Norman named Raoul .

i = 44
original: Robert Guiscard drove the Byzantines out of Italy .
modifiy: Robert Guiscard drove the Byzantines out of southern Italy .

i = 45
original: Robert continued his campaign conquering the Balkan peninsula .
modifiy: Robert continued his campaign conquering the Balkan peninsula as a foothold .

i = 46
original: he led an army of 30 000 men in 300 ships landing on the shores of .
modifiy: he led an army of 30 men in 300 ships landing on the southern shores of Albania .

i = 47
original: They that had conquered Corfu and attacked Dyrrachium .
modifiy: They that had previously conquered Corfu and attacked Dyrrachium from land and sea .

i = 48
original: the locals accepted the call I Comnenus to join the .
modifiy: the locals accepted the call Comnenus to join forces with the Byzantines .

i = 49
original: The Albanian forces could not take part in the battle .
modifiy: The Albanian forces could not take part in the ensuing battle .

i = 50
original: the Venetian fleet had secured a victory coast .
modifiy: the Venetian fleet had secured a victory .

i = 51
original: Alexius ceded the command to a Albanian official .
modifiy: Alexius ceded the command to a high Albanian official .

i = 52
original: Dyrrachium was betrayed to the Normans .
modifiy: when Dyrrachium was betrayed to the Normans .

i = 53
original: The Normans were free to penetrate they took .
modifiy: The Normans were they took .

i = 54
original: Dissension coerced the Normans to retreat to Italy .
modifiy: Dissension Normans to retreat to Italy .

i = 55
original: They lost Dyrrachium Butrint in 1085 .
modifiy: They lost Dyrrachium Butrint in 1085 .

i = 56
original: A the Normans landed in Valona .
modifiy: A few years after the First Crusade the Normans landed in Valona .

i = 57
original: they occupied Petrela .
modifiy: they occupied Petrela .

i = 58
original: the Albanians sided with the Normans .
modifiy: the Albanians sided with the Normans .

i = 59
original: the Normans secured the Arbanon passes .
modifiy: the Normans secured the Arbanon passes .

i = 60
original: The lack of supplies disease forced Bohemond to retreat and sign a peace treaty the Byzantines .
modifiy: The lack of supplies resistance forced Bohemond to retreat from his campaign and sign a peace treaty with the Byzantines .

i = 61
original: a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium .
modifiy: a large Norman army invaded Dyrrachium .

i = 62
original: Dyrrachium one fell again to Byzantine hands .
modifiy: Dyrrachium one of the most important naval bases fell again to Byzantine hands .

i = 63
original: The Normans were in contact with England .
modifiy: The Normans were in contact with England .

i = 64
original: were their brethren they occupied most the ports England .
modifiy: were their brethren they occupied most of the important ports opposite England .

i = 65
original: This relationship produced closer ties of blood .
modifiy: This relationship produced closer ties of blood .

i = 66
original: Ethelred fled to Normandy .
modifiy: Ethelred fled to Normandy .

i = 67
original: His stay in Normandy influenced by .
modifiy: His stay in Normandy influenced sons by Emma .

i = 68
original: Edward the Confessor returned he brought a mind .
modifiy: he brought with him a mind .

i = 69
original: He brought Norman counsellors .
modifiy: He brought Norman counsellors .

i = 70
original: This concept never really took root .
modifiy: This concept never really took root .

i = 71
original: He appointed Robert of archbishop .
modifiy: He appointed Robert of Jumièges archbishop .

i = 72
original: He invited his Eustace II to his court in 1051 .
modifiy: He invited his Eustace II to his court in 1051 .

i = 73
original: Duke William II conquered England .
modifiy: Duke William II conquered England .

i = 74
original: The Normans replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the class .
modifiy: The Normans replaced the Anglo-Saxons as the ruling class .

i = 75
original: The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture .
modifiy: The nobility of England were part of a single Normans culture .

i = 76
original: Early Norman kings owed homage to the King of France .
modifiy: Early Norman kings owed homage to the King of France .

i = 77
original: They considered England to be their most important holding .
modifiy: They considered England to be their most important holding .

i = 78
original: the Normans merged with the natives .
modifiy: the Normans merged with the natives .

i = 79
original: the Norman aristocracy identified themselves as English .
modifiy: the Norman aristocracy identified themselves as English .

i = 80
original: The Anglo-Norman language became distinct from the Latin language .
modifiy: The Anglo-Norman language became distinct from the Latin language .

i = 81
original: The Anglo-Norman language was absorbed into the Anglo-Saxon language see .
modifiy: The Anglo-Norman language was eventually absorbed into the Anglo-Saxon language see .

i = 82
original: It evolved into Modern English .
modifiy: It turn evolved into Modern English .

i = 83
original: The Normans had a profound effect on Irish culture .
modifiy: The Normans had a profound effect on Irish culture and history .

i = 84
original: the Normans maintained a culture ethnicity .
modifiy: the Normans maintained a culture and ethnicity .

i = 85
original: they became more Irish than the Irish .
modifiy: they became more Irish than the Irish .

i = 86
original: Both cultures intermixed borrowing .
modifiy: Both cultures intermixed borrowing .

i = 87
original: Norman descendants today can be recognised .
modifiy: Norman descendants today can be recognised .

i = 88
original: Names are common in the southeast of Ireland .
modifiy: Names are common in the southeast of Ireland .

i = 89
original: Other Norman names predominate there .
modifiy: Other Norman names predominate there .

i = 90
original: Another Norman-Irish name was Morell Murrell .
modifiy: Another Norman-Irish name was Morell Murrell .

i = 91
original: Other names beginning with Fitz indicate ancestry .
modifiy: Other names beginning with Fitz ( indicate ancestry .

i = 92
original: These included Fitzgerald dynasty .
modifiy: These included Fitzgerald dynasty .

i = 93
original: families are of Norman extraction .
modifiy: families are of Norman extraction .

