The pandemic has severely disrupted the education and childcare systems that millions of parents rely on while they 're at work.
Neither I nor you want to do such a boring and disgusting thing.
Neither Anna nor I are interested in high finance. 
He has devised a process for making gold wires which neither corrode nor oxidise.
Whether or not he realised the fact was neither here nor there.
Neither he or I like a dog.  
If neither foes or loving friends can hurt you.
Neither toko or likola will be returning to the zoo.
Neither cold nor hot.
Neither the boy nor the girl knows where to go.
The tournament is open to amateurs as well as professionals.
Nursing is a vocation as well as a profession. 
I'm learning French as well as English. 
A teacher should entertain as well as teach. 
He grows flowers as well as vegetables. 
Do you burn coal as well as wood on this fire?
You must deposit 500 dollars as well as the first month's rent. 
Either she or Kate goes to visit The Great Wall.
The shoes are either big or small for me.
I like learning either English or Chinese.
Administrative monopoly can be either legal or illegal.
The prospects both excited and worried me.
Both Li Ming and Wei Hua are good at English.
I`m both tired and hungry.
Both my mum and my dad are doctors.
Both return and return of a value used in function.
Not only Mr Lin but also his son joined the Party two years ago.
I not only play tennis but also practise shooting.
He plays not only the piano but also the violin.
They speak English not only in class but also in the dormitory.
She not only sings well but also dances beautifully.
In production, we demand not only quantity but also quality.
Drinking of tea not only can make myself happy but also can improve my memory.
Reading not only can make myself happy but also can improve my academic performance.
Things here are not only inexpensive but also of good quality.
I like not only apples but also bananas.
My mother is not only a teacher but also a good cook.
I am not only enjoy reading,but also dancing.
You and I are good students.
We were singing and dancing all evening.
This apple is big and red.
I love apples and pears.
I love bananas,apples and pears.
You go and do it.
You are beautiful and nice.
That you go to the park and I do my homework have nothing to do.
I do not like tea or coffee.
There are seven or eight people in front of us.
Would you like fish or beef?