i = 0
original: Nintendo has dreamed up a new way for Mario Kart fans .
modifiy: Nintendo has dreamed up a new way for Mario Kart fans .

i = 1
original: Keeping employees engaged happy has become a challenge .
modifiy: Keeping employees engaged happy has become a challenge .

i = 2
original: Twitter appeared to go down altogether .
modifiy: Twitter appeared to go down altogether .

i = 3
original: fears are bubbling up about election interference ransomware .
modifiy: fears are bubbling up about potential election interference ransomware .

i = 4
original: Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite .
modifiy: Mcdonald is putting a new spin on an old favorite .

i = 5
original: The pandemic has disrupted the education and childcare systems .
modifiy: The pandemic has disrupted the education and childcare systems .

i = 6
original: A case about insurance payouts for businesses heads .
modifiy: A case about insurance payouts for small businesses .

i = 7
original: most of the policies involved should pay out offering a potential lifeline businesses .
modifiy: most of the policies involved should pay out offering a potential lifeline .

i = 8
original: businesses will have renewed annual policies lockdown .
modifiy: businesses will have renewed annual policies .

i = 9
original: Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching .
modifiy: Oliver Seadon made the move into teaching .

i = 10
original: in cases of conflicts of interest all had declared their interests .
modifiy: in cases of potential conflicts of interest all had declared their interests .

i = 11
original: cars and computer games saw price rises .
modifiy: cars and computer games saw price rises .

i = 12
original: NBC set out to schedule a television town hall with Trump .
modifiy: NBC set out to schedule a television town hall with Trump .

i = 13
original: Success will depend on reassuring consumers they can afford these new technologies .
modifiy: Success will depend on reassuring consumers .

i = 14
original: British Airways is to launch a Covid-19 test .
modifiy: British Airways is to launch a Covid-19 test .

i = 15
original: More efforts are needed to boost security capacity promoting digital china
modifiy: More efforts are needed to boost security capacity

i = 16
original: they will have to reschedule their flight .
modifiy: they will have to reschedule their flight .

i = 17
original: 87 percent of those companies have no plans to shift production out of China .
modifiy: 87 percent of those companies have no plans to shift production out of China .

i = 18
original: WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank .
modifiy: WeWork was getting bailed out by SoftBank .

i = 19
original: he no longer plans to command the mission of the boeing Starliner .
modifiy: he no longer plans to command the mission of the boeing Starliner .

i = 20
original: The Federal Communications Commission will draft regulations intended for social media companies .
modifiy: The Federal Communications Commission will draft regulations intended for social media companies .

i = 21
original: Facebook and Twitter 's executives have been challenged over their handling of the US election .
modifiy: Facebook and Twitter 's executives have been challenged over their handling of the US election .

i = 22
original: nearly 83 percent of the companies counted China as the top the top five priorities .
modifiy: nearly 83 percent of the surveyed companies counted China as either the top or among the top five priorities .

i = 23
original: Priscilla Chan knew life 's work would be helping children .
modifiy: Priscilla Chan knew life 's work would be helping children .

i = 24
original: The official 's comments came .
modifiy: The official 's comments came .

i = 25
original: Amazon has launched its online pharmacy .
modifiy: Amazon has launched its online pharmacy .

i = 26
original: Black Americans pay more than any other group to own a home .
modifiy: Black Americans pay more than any other group to own a home .

i = 27
original: food price inflation could continue to rise in November .
modifiy: food price inflation could continue to rise in November .

i = 28
original: Travel rules have been relaxed to work on poultry farms .
modifiy: Travel rules have been relaxed for people to work on poultry farms .

i = 29
original: said they had been forced to stay overnight .
modifiy: they had been forced to stay overnight .

i = 30
original: The figures excluded lending .
modifiy: The figures excluded lending .

i = 31
original: Mortgage payment holidays are being extended .
modifiy: Mortgage payment holidays are being extended for homeowners .

i = 32
original: Thousands have been prevented from paying with cash .
modifiy: Thousands of people have been prevented from paying with cash .

i = 33
original: Ensuring responsibility does not lie .
modifiy: Ensuring responsibility does not lie .

i = 34
original: Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus restrictions .
modifiy: Shoppers splurged during the period as coronavirus lockdown restrictions were lifted .

i = 35
original: the app offered privacy features parents .
modifiy: the app offered privacy features parents .

i = 36
original: it was losing money on a number accounts .
modifiy: it was losing money on a large number of such accounts .

i = 37
original: Online marketplaces bound by a legal obligation .
modifiy: Online marketplaces bound by a clear legal obligation .

i = 38
original: the account picked up followers .
modifiy: the account picked up followers .

i = 39
original: Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold marketplaces .
modifiy: Tens of thousands of these products could have been sold via online marketplaces .

i = 40
original: The moves came as the pandemic rages .
modifiy: The moves came as the pandemic rages .

i = 41
original: economists have expressed doubts about the potential for a swift recovery .
modifiy: economists have expressed doubts about the potential for such a swift recovery .

i = 42
original: it has struck a balance between protecting jobs .
modifiy: it has struck a balance between protecting jobs .

i = 43
original: The technologies will be interconnected .
modifiy: The technologies will be interconnected .

i = 44
original: he expects the fair to make Yichang and fruits more known .
modifiy: he expects the fair to make Yichang and fruits more known .

i = 45
original: China 's bank pumped cash into the banking system .
modifiy: China 's bank pumped cash into the banking system .

i = 46
original: The move was intended to maintain ample liquidity system .
modifiy: The move was intended to maintain ample liquidity .

i = 47
original: Consumers have been more cautious than expected .
modifiy: Consumers have been more cautious than expected .

i = 48
original: They want eligibility criteria reviewed .
modifiy: They want eligibility criteria reviewed .

i = 49
original: people must not travel to second homes .
modifiy: people must not travel to second homes .

i = 50
original: sights lay dormant .
modifiy: sights lay dormant .

i = 51
original: rural communities face being cut off from access to cash .
modifiy: rural communities face being cut off from access to cash .

i = 52
original: engineers are busy testing robots .
modifiy: engineers are busy testing robots .

i = 53
original: Firms have been adding to their borrowing .
modifiy: Firms have been adding to their borrowing .

i = 54
original: The club 's estimates assume a simple free trade agreement with the EU .
modifiy: The club 's estimates assume a simple free trade agreement with the EU .

i = 55
original: parents need to be aware of the risks involved with letting their children use TikTok .
modifiy: parents need to be aware of the risks involved with letting their children use TikTok .

i = 56
original: But many of its youngest members get by lying about their date of birth .
modifiy: But many of its youngest members get by lying about their date of birth .

i = 57
original: the man 's account was still active .
modifiy: the man 's account was still active .

i = 58
original: there had been a lack of applications from women for senior roles .
modifiy: there had been a lack of applications from women for senior roles .

i = 59
original: women are more likely to have caring responsibilities .
modifiy: women are more likely to have caring responsibilities .

i = 60
original: We want to see more employers embracing practices .
modifiy: We want to see more employers embracing practices .

i = 61
original: The adjustment could help improve the transparency and effectiveness of the yuan 's pricing model .
modifiy: The adjustment could help improve the transparency and effectiveness of the yuan 's existing pricing model .

i = 62
original: Large home appliances grabbed the second positions .
modifiy: Large home appliances grabbed the second positions .

i = 63
original: The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor .
modifiy: The entrepreneur showed an amiable demeanor .

i = 64
original: The phones were arranged at his shop .
modifiy: The phones were arranged at his elegant shop .

i = 65
original: he felt honored to be among the army .
modifiy: he felt honored to be among the growing army .

i = 66
original: Economic activity and employment remain well below levels .
modifiy: Economic activity and employment remain well below levels .

i = 67
original: TikTok does not allow an account to receive or send direct messages .
modifiy: TikTok does not allow an account to receive or send direct messages .

i = 68
original: dialing back government support will undermine the of .
modifiy: dialing back government support will undermine the strength of the recovery .

i = 69
original: China pursues a prudent monetary policy .
modifiy: China pursues a prudent monetary policy .

i = 70
original: there are factors which could speed up or slow down the recovery .
modifiy: there are factors which could speed up or slow down the recovery .

i = 71
original: A vaccine is likely to help the economy .
modifiy: A vaccine is likely to help the economy .

i = 72
original: He joined bravo volunteer ambulance as an .
modifiy: He joined bravo volunteer ambulance as an emergency medical technician .

i = 73
original: Online services required to alert consumers a product .
modifiy: Online services required to alert consumers .

i = 74
original: such moves are a reflection of a development strategy .
modifiy: such moves are a reflection of a dual-circulation development strategy .

i = 75
original: customers will be served its rendition as a ramen topping .
modifiy: customers will be served its rendition as a ramen topping .

i = 76
original: The high demand for Tecno and Transsion brands kenya is .
modifiy: The high demand for Tecno and other Transsion brands in kenya is .

i = 77
original: The center electric drive technologies can be tested validated .
modifiy: The center .

i = 78
original: The top science cities are those institutions publish the most output .
modifiy: The top science cities are those .

i = 79
original: the pandemic has been a shot of adrenaline .
modifiy: the pandemic has been a shot of adrenaline .

i = 80
original: the cash system is being threatened .
modifiy: the cash system is being threatened .

i = 81
original: Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery .
modifiy: Chinese pig farmers have seen some recovery .

i = 82
original: the smartphone brand took a position .
modifiy: the smartphone brand took a position .

i = 83
original: Jaguar land rove 's sales recovery china has brought results .
modifiy: Jaguar land rove 's sales recovery in china has brought results .

i = 84
original: Businesses banks will leap more than fivefold in 2020 .
modifiy: Businesses will leap more than fivefold in 2020 .

i = 85
original: a number of countries have stepped up VR marketing efforts .
modifiy: a number of countries have stepped up VR marketing efforts .

i = 86
original: The the company signed an agreement with Huawei cloud to deepen cooperation .
modifiy: The the company signed an agreement with Huawei cloud to deepen cooperation .

i = 87
original: pharmacy is an important and needed addition to the Amazon online store .
modifiy: pharmacy is an important and needed addition to the Amazon online store .

i = 88
original: Cities have become less expensive .
modifiy: Cities have become less expensive .

i = 89
original: Chinese cities have risen up the rankings .
modifiy: Chinese cities have risen up the rankings .

i = 90
original: investors were keeping a watchful eye on the election .
modifiy: investors were keeping a watchful eye on the upcoming election .

i = 91
original: The comparable store sales decreased 9 percent in China .
modifiy: The comparable store sales decreased 9 percent in China .

i = 92
original: Borrowers can request a pause repayments .
modifiy: Borrowers can request from their lender a pause in repayments .

i = 93
original: Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots .
modifiy: Terminus will press into service more than 150 robots .

i = 94
original: The government has plans to make rules to protect cash .
modifiy: The government has plans to make rules to protect cash .

i = 95
original: Some people were able to go to another shop .
modifiy: Some people were able to go to another shop .

i = 96
original: Some were fitted EU plugs and sold with a UK adapter .
modifiy: Some were fitted with EU plugs and sold with a UK adapter .

i = 97
original: The government has moved to cut taxes wages .
modifiy: The government has moved to cut taxes wages .

i = 98
original: we keep these measures under constant review .
modifiy: we keep these measures under constant review .

i = 99
original: House prices rose at their fastest rate five .
modifiy: House prices rose at their fastest rate .

i = 100
original: This refers to the increase in demand for screens laptops and .
modifiy: This refers to the increase in demand for screens and laptops .

i = 101
original: Sellers garner a turnover 400 million yuan .
modifiy: Sellers garner a turnover of about 400 million yuan .

i = 102
original: the regular payments will encourage private investors to take an ownership stake .
modifiy: the regular payments will encourage private investors to take an ownership stake .

i = 103
original: More efforts are needed to enhance the science and technology abilities of Chinese children .
modifiy: More efforts are needed to enhance the science and technology abilities of Chinese children .

